Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rosamaria Romero: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rosa can't see you. Can you turn on your video.
Rosamaria Romero: My videos on it doesn't see that it's not on. Now it's off that's on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, there you are. Hi, how are you
Rosamaria Romero: I'm doing okay. I'm just kind of dealing with these allergies and just woke up.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, just really hurting inside this morning.
Rosamaria Romero: Quite a lot of pain. This morning so
Rosamaria Romero: Oh,
Rosamaria Romero: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is, this won't take us very long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have to do what's called a bio psychosocial on you and I just ask you a bunch of questions.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really pretty simple. Okay.
Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, what has what brought you to Brian heart.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, um, long story short, will have brought me back to break our health is a I ended up having a baby. I went through a lot of major
Rosamaria Romero: Have you say I'm it's already I can think of.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rosamaria Romero: I went through a lot of major
Rosamaria Romero: Oh just describe it. So when I had my, my son.
Rosamaria Romero: They, they were pulling the placenta out of it a birthing it and I didn't want to stop meeting. So I went through it. They took me to emergency to on an emergency.
Rosamaria Romero: Surgery did a DNC on me, which they put a balloon and said to me, and then after that, they had did a partial hysterectomy on me. So, and now I'm I'm dealing with two sisters inside of me and i mean i
Rosamaria Romero: I I'm getting pains inside all inside of and all inside of me.
Rosamaria Romero: It feels like labor pains, like it's so painful. So what brought me back to bright heart health is up.
Rosamaria Romero: The doctors offered me to to either
Rosamaria Romero: Get back on on a program for open orphan being that that helped me for pain in the past or they wanted to start it back on the oxy cotton and like the purpose sense, etc. And I not want to go back to those because they just, they don't work for me. They don't last long. They're
Rosamaria Romero: I mean, they're just not worth it. They're just don't worry. Um, so that's what brought me back to you guys is because the whooping orphan helps with the pain so much more. And so much longer than that and oxycodone or or or Percocet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your pain level right now. What is it between on a scale of one to 10
Rosamaria Romero: Oh right now I'm like out about oh
Rosamaria Romero: I just I just took my hand, my, my half of savvy tax so it's kind of work. You know, I'm like, like about like in between six and seven right now.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any history of addiction.
Rosamaria Romero: Addiction. Um, no I wouldn't say that that I have a history of addiction, but I can't lie, that, that, of course, I've had my my times of
Rosamaria Romero: Of, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: How could I say it like, like for instance, when I had first started oxycodone when I was
Rosamaria Romero: About 15 years old, the doctors got me started on them bad the really, really, really badly.
Rosamaria Romero: And that's, that's the, that's the one time, I can say that I was honestly addicted to them. So yes, I've have had problems with with addiction before but I've learned my lesson because I was 16 years old and they're prescribing me so many pain medicine due to me, having
Rosamaria Romero: A juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Rosamaria Romero: While back
Rosamaria Romero: And it was juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia. So in the winter. I tend to suffer like a real law when it's cold.
Rosamaria Romero: Do you think so. Um, so, yes. At that time I yes I was suffering from addiction and
Rosamaria Romero: You know, it was really, really hard because my doctor that was prescribing me that started me on all this medication like above and beyond a little too much.
Rosamaria Romero: He was giving me about five different types of payment payment anyway. So long story short,
Rosamaria Romero: I ended up know the doctor ended up just leaving just out of nowhere. He just got up and just left with no word. So he just like, pretty much. I just got cut off. Cold turkey. I didn't know what to do. So at that point, I went to this three
Rosamaria Romero: I got what I can get off the streets. Um, I have. I've, I would, you know, try to buy pills. If I could those things that were getting beyond and above expensive.
Rosamaria Romero: Nicholas, not, not even worth of that they said they don't even ask. So I'm only be 100% honest with you, of course. So of course I I tried heroin.
Rosamaria Romero: I tried it, I
Rosamaria Romero: I tried it.
Rosamaria Romero: I'm in a meeting. I mean, I'm in a meeting.
Rosamaria Romero: So I had have, um, I'd have tried heroin. I tried smoking it the first time.
Rosamaria Romero: And then I tried it through the veins and it's not it's not something I really like I didn't like the way we fell the scariness of overdose seen seen other people overdose. It just scared the heck out of me.
Rosamaria Romero: So, um, for for a little bit there, you know, when I couldn't find pills. That's what I would turn to you, um, I you know I would.
Rosamaria Romero: try my best to just try to fight the addiction and just get off of it. But like these programs weren't around them and and and like, like if you want it to get into a Suboxone program there was waiting list. I mean, they're packed, you know, etc. On and on and so, so, um, so finally I I finally
Rosamaria Romero: Ended up getting pregnant.
Rosamaria Romero: At 19 years old with my, my daughter, she's 13 now and
Rosamaria Romero: I just said, you know what
Rosamaria Romero: I i think i think from what I remember. I think like about a week and a half before I had found out I was pregnant when I was 19
Rosamaria Romero: So for so for for three. Wait, the doctor left a year after. So he started me at 16 so at 17 when I got cut off. Full turkey. So for two years. I was dealing with this addiction.
Rosamaria Romero: And I'm for about a week and a half. I couldn't find nothing like at all and and I wasn't trying to to do heroin. I wasn't trying to
Rosamaria Romero: Find it like I just so I'm so afraid of that stuff. So, um, I believe, from what I remember. I remember, you know, fighting the withdraws like a week and a half. I just do myself in the bed, you know, just
Rosamaria Romero: Went to it for about a week and a half, and then I started feeling different you know my body. I started
Rosamaria Romero: Throwing up, um, you know, just like different symptoms that would tell you, you were pregnant my period didn't start. I thought maybe it was because I was withdrawing
Rosamaria Romero: Because at the time I was on birth control. So I didn't pregnant. Anyways, to get to the point
Rosamaria Romero: So I was I was already kicking for about, like, a week, we can have from what I could remember and I took a pregnancy test. Sure enough, I was pregnant. So I said, You know what, it's already been almost two weeks that I've been fighting this. I might as well, you know, just keep going but
Rosamaria Romero: I'm going to see a doctor per Se thought and make sure that it's not going to be dangerous to the baby mate and see like
Rosamaria Romero: They did like a cow scale on me to see how bad I was drawing it was bad enough to harm the baby, etc. So when I went to the doctor. They told me you know how long has it been, by the time I got into to the doctor. It was ready to happen.
Rosamaria Romero: Is when they did the cow scale on me. They told me, You know what, you could go ahead and continue from here on out.
Rosamaria Romero: Um, without having to do without having to get on the opener from program or starting back on your pillow or anything like that.
Rosamaria Romero: So I was like, You know what, that's great. But, but I still felt really really bad, you know, from from withdrawing they said you are still kind of withdrawing, but it will
Rosamaria Romero: Terminate won't terminate your pregnancy. Okay, right. You've water all that. So that was it. Okay, so I just said that. You know what, that's it.
Rosamaria Romero: I'm done, I'm pregnant. I'm going to do this. So I did it. I had my daughter. Um, and when I had my daughter. Everything had went well with with with her with the birthing with her, um,
Rosamaria Romero: So then after I had had her a they started back again on on narcotics, and of course at that at that point.
Rosamaria Romero: I mean, I was young and naive, you know, stupid, so I I went back to them dumb, you know, knowing that I didn't clean for nine months now. Like why would I do this myself. So I ended up back
Rosamaria Romero: Ended up in the same position. Um, but
Rosamaria Romero: To me the whole time there has there had been a reason for for why I accepted the the pain, the pain killer back is because it was winter. My daughter was born in November. It was really, really cold.
Rosamaria Romero: And I couldn't. I could not deal with with the flaring up and the pain because I flight tend to flare up in my knees, my hands on.
Rosamaria Romero: My elbows, you know, just everywhere, we're, we're, we're, I have joined and I just cannot deal with the pain. So I accepted them. I went back to it. I started it over again. Um,
Rosamaria Romero: You know, for quite some time.
Rosamaria Romero: Maybe for about, like, three years or so.
Rosamaria Romero: And and
Rosamaria Romero: I don't let me think, um,
Rosamaria Romero: So I thought I saw in between that time I ended up finding a doctor. A doctor to prescribe me my medication. Amanda, and she she ended up cutting me off because I had missed three appointments and that was just her role if you miss three three appointments there, you know, you have to
Rosamaria Romero: Find another doctor so so I ended up on the streets again to doing the same stuff.
Rosamaria Romero: And not not so much of the of the heroin. It was more of the narcotics.
Rosamaria Romero: Anything. It was a lot less on heroin from the first one. The first time because like I said, it scares me to death. Yeah. So there I was doing it again. I really, really wanted help and I got in touch with you guys. This is my second time with Bret Hart hell and I got in touch.
Rosamaria Romero: Oh, no, no. I apologize. Wait, okay, so I I ended up getting pregnant within these years. I ended up getting pregnant again with my six year old son.
Rosamaria Romero: So for about, like, five years. I was just with that that doctor before she let me goals with the for about two and a half of those years.
Rosamaria Romero: The other like two and a half years or so always on the streets. Just do me you know whatever I could find, you know, just to feel better from this pain. It's the pain that that that kept me addicted. The
Rosamaria Romero: Pain that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yet, though.
Rosamaria Romero: I do it. So, so, um,
Rosamaria Romero: I ended up finding out that I was pregnant. So I had with to Albuquerque. And I found out about this program and it was called a girl.
Rosamaria Romero: Girl program.
Rosamaria Romero: At the UNAM hospital. So I went over there and I asked him for help, you know what, okay. So this went on, but I'm telling you, you know, I'm I was on the streets before you know I was doing opiates. I was doing pills. My doctor cut me off.
Rosamaria Romero: Because I had missed appointments, etc. I was doing, you know, on heroin.
Rosamaria Romero: So they said, No, okay, you're pregnant. We're going to help you immediately. So they got me started on Sunday tix and I was on subby text.
Rosamaria Romero: Through my whole pregnancy with my son. And when I was with my first time and when I had him in 2014 he the everything when good birthing when good. Um, he didn't even he didn't even have to be
Rosamaria Romero: dosed he didn't have to go through any of that.
Rosamaria Romero: They check the Callback hell skills on him and
Rosamaria Romero: He was fine. You know, because I was walking, you know, drinking a lot of water. I'll take my medication as prescribed there would be times where, where I would just try to just take one pill. Love you know sometimes here in there because I don't want to be withdrawn.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And right. Come on, which
Rosamaria Romero: Came out fine. So then after that, when I after I had my son. I'm me la girl from Albuquerque state.
Rosamaria Romero: Prescribing me
Rosamaria Romero: I'm sorry, excuse me.
Rosamaria Romero: That's okay, dollar decrease really haven't stopped up in my throat. So, um, he's also kept on prescribing me there for a while for about a year for about a year, year and a half or so. And it got a got hard on me because
Rosamaria Romero: I didn't have the vehicle anymore to go back and forth to Albuquerque everyone to get my prescription. They wouldn't give me refills, I have to go into the doctor, you know, of course, because they wanted to check the baby, etc, which was very, very important. So
Rosamaria Romero: I couldn't go up there anymore. And I was like, you know, I don't know what I'm going to do now I know for sure. I don't want to go back
Rosamaria Romero: To the streets and do all that I have kids. Now I need to take this shit. Seriously, excuse my language this stuff. Seriously. Okay, so I went online.
Rosamaria Romero: I found you guys right heart health. I called I told you guys my situation you guys were kind enough to accept me and I was with you guys for about a year or so. But at that time.
Rosamaria Romero: I
Rosamaria Romero: I, I was a single mom with my daughter with my son. I wasn't on the Father has been around since day one. So, so he has been very, very supportive.
Rosamaria Romero: Of helping me a, you know, stay on this program and stay, stay, stay on the on the Suboxone and, you know, helped me get through, through the pain so much more like filling me up a bath and putting epson salt in it.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, like doing
Rosamaria Romero: Trying to other remedies to help me, etc. So, um, you know, so I started with you guys. But the only problem I was having with devices that at that time.
Rosamaria Romero: I didn't. I wasn't making enough money to buy like like you know like a cricket phone or like an actual like actual good service. I had one of those assurance wireless phones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And government
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First
Rosamaria Romero: And those are just like they don't work for nothing. So the reason why bright heart health. Let me go is because I was having a hard time I'm
Rosamaria Romero: Like hearing and they're having a hard time hearing me, I will. I would cut off law, the phone. Drop the calls
Rosamaria Romero: It would, it wasn't, it wasn't charging. I mean, I would just having all these problems so bright heart health told me, You know what, also, we're sorry.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, we really want to help you. We want to keep you on the program, we will want you to go back to the streets.
Rosamaria Romero: But we have to let you go. We're gonna give you one last prescription tried to make it last as long as you could, and and
Rosamaria Romero: We really don't know what you're going to tell you what you're going to do from here, but we really hope that you know that you make the right choice.
Rosamaria Romero: So bright heart health said, you know, due to your phone and us not being able to contact you and your counters are not able to actually like here, you have a full session with you.
Rosamaria Romero: And all that
Rosamaria Romero: They had to let me go in the beginning it was going great, but the phone started acting up the older it got I've been I when I had those phones. I went through like about 20 of those
Rosamaria Romero: Not, not exaggerating on the pamper baby is inside there were a, it's a, it's a, though. I'm sorry. It's the the up that pink and white and green backpack.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, I'm under close the door. Okay, I'm sorry, just even first time for
Rosamaria Romero: Me. Okay, so, so, um,
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, so where was I so okay so I didn't, I didn't want to go back to that, um, I have support. Now, the father, my son was great. So at that point.
Rosamaria Romero: Um, I, I had to. They, like I said, they gave me one more prescription of of of the quantity that they're giving me I made those last me as long as possible. And then, and then I I kind of just with the help of
Rosamaria Romero: My partner, he, he really really helped me kind of just a wean myself off little by little by little. So finally I ended up getting getting off the high dose of
Rosamaria Romero: My body. I was still going through not hard withdraws but I was still going through withdrawals to where I i was just feeling just like just an easy and sweaty and uncomfortable and
Rosamaria Romero: You know, just like no energy and you know just just feeling really, really, really bad. So then I turned to the streets for those for for the boop an orphan on and ever since then. I haven't went back to payment is in
Rosamaria Romero: A couple of times. I guess I could say I did.
Rosamaria Romero: But it was due to
Rosamaria Romero: Let me just kind of think about this. Did I hear I had more as
Rosamaria Romero: I turned to the streets, um,
Rosamaria Romero: I, I believe I ended up in the hospital like two or three times.
Rosamaria Romero: I can't remember what, for it was like urgent, though. I'm really, really urgent.
Rosamaria Romero: I believe I had
Rosamaria Romero: fractured my wrist.
Rosamaria Romero: Ya know, I can't remember. Anyway, so, and I ended up in the emergency room like about like three times and they gave me pain medicine in the hospital, but
Rosamaria Romero: And they and they would release me with
Rosamaria Romero: With the little bit of medicine. You know how the hospital is they give you like
Rosamaria Romero: Five.
Rosamaria Romero: five milligrams of whatever. So I was like, You know what, whatever, like those, those aren't even worth it. I, I honestly just put them to the side. I, I probably even still have them until this day in my
Rosamaria Romero: In my safe I save all my medicine.
Rosamaria Romero: So I tried asking the doctor for for the boop an orphan because I told him, you know, that was. That's what I was on before, and that's what helped me for
Rosamaria Romero: Pain better
Rosamaria Romero: Than any pain medicine that you guys have given me. But no, he didn't want to do it. So anyway, so. Okay, so that that had happened. And so from from that time period from after having my son. Um, and, and being and been going to the streets for for the for the orphan.
Rosamaria Romero: For about like two years I ended up finding out that I was pregnant again, but this time I found out that I was praying. When I found out I was pregnant. I was already three months, going, going, almost. Almost, almost four months, but I wasn't showing at all. I had no idea.
Rosamaria Romero: My all in. I was having a regular period. It was just a little lighter so I didn't know I was pregnant. I was having like periods.
Rosamaria Romero: But I was starting to get nauseated. And I know when I'm pregnant, you know with with just a sense of this it so i wouldn't i got checked out the hospital. Sure enough it told me yeah you know you're pregnant.
Rosamaria Romero: And I said okay so
Rosamaria Romero: I've been taking buprenorphine this whole time.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, on, on my through through my pregnancy. So, you know, what am I supposed to do here. I pretty much told the doctor and
Rosamaria Romero: So the doctor said, Well, you're gonna have to try to to find a program or something that that's going to help you, you know, get get through the rest of the five months.
Rosamaria Romero: I had at that time I had I'm completely. I didn't even know Bret Hart houses. It's still going.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need anything to
Rosamaria Romero: Book. Um, so, um, I believe that, at that time, I, I, when I tried to get on the program at the guided center there was like a long way in this like a year, all this stuff. So I just went back to the streets for the book an orphan through my pregnancy and
Rosamaria Romero: Final five months later I had the baby now April.
Rosamaria Romero: Which was last year and that caused all this, that's when I internal bled
Rosamaria Romero: They didn't birth my placenta. I went through the two surgeries. Now I'm dealing with to CES. And they're the one to do radiation. I use fiber already got in. Um, I've already got. And let's see, call it. I've already got in, um, let me think of
Rosamaria Romero: Three or I've already gotten three opinions from two different doctors telling me not to go through the radiation for for the cyst in my ovaries, they said if the system would have been like
Rosamaria Romero: Like somewhere else, then there. Yeah, there's, there's a chance that it could it could shrink them when he said, Not I, not in your ovaries.
Rosamaria Romero: So that's where I stand now. So now I'm dealing with the ovaries in my mean the system. My ovaries. They said that that they're like the one on the, on the left hand side.
Rosamaria Romero: Excuse me. I was, I did last time I checked, told me they told me that that it's like about like a little smaller than than
Rosamaria Romero: The size of it is like about probably a little smaller than a plum.
Rosamaria Romero: Only about like that big.
Rosamaria Romero: I would say, yeah, on my left side of my right side if they said it's just a little bit, little bit smaller.
Rosamaria Romero: I'm sorry. Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good
Rosamaria Romero: So I'm so I'm so okay so I am just, I'm just dealing with all this pain inside and then with the weather. It wasn't helping with with my rheumatoid arthritis and the fibromyalgia. My nerves are constantly hurting
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, you know, I always getting swollen. So then I thought of you guys and I said you know what
Rosamaria Romero: I'm going to cooperate her health and see if they're still if they're still working if they're if they're still helping people. So that's when I called you guys and I database my story that I just had a baby and they offered me
Rosamaria Romero: pain pills or to get on a program. And that's what made me think of you guys. I couldn't go back to me la girl because
Rosamaria Romero: I got another vehicle. Now, but at the time I couldn't go back and forth. So I called you guys. Anyways, except me back think thank God thanks to buy and here. Here I am.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are they planning on taking your ovaries out, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: Um, I don't, I don't know.
Rosamaria Romero: They just keep on pushing radiation on me. I, I kind of feel that, like, if that's my only option.
Rosamaria Romero: Unless I do go through the the full hysterectomy, which I'm only 33 and I'm scared to go through that. I don't want to go through or the meta pause and start, start feeling like I'm an old lady at 33
Rosamaria Romero: You know, so I don't want to do both. I don't want to do either or, I don't want to go through. Read the radiation, and I don't want to
Rosamaria Romero: Go through the full hysterectomy.
Rosamaria Romero: And then on top of it on top of it. The doctor that did the surgery, she told me with her own words in her own mouth. She told me. It also, it also I really need to tell you something. You deserve to know this.
Rosamaria Romero: And I told her you know like what what's going on. She said I sent your uterus to the lab because they're telling me that the reason why they needed to take it out is because I bled so much
Rosamaria Romero: That my uterus got full of blood and placenta was stuck to it all over. And they told me you are you're going to suffer from it. Even worse, if you
Rosamaria Romero: Weren't to take it out, you know, you're gonna have way more pain if you keep it in there. So, I mean, I believe them. They were doctors anyways so so anyways. The doctor that that did the surgery ended up telling me that she sent my uterus to the lab to get tested for for what for what
Rosamaria Romero: For what the other doctors that had told her what was going on you know that there was blood in it and they needed to be taken out immediately and all that. So, so I guess I
Rosamaria Romero: OK, so this is what she told me she said. Also, I sent I sent your uterus to the lab and everything came out.
Rosamaria Romero: Negative. There was nothing wrong with with your uterus. It should have never been taken out. She told me I I should have really looked into this a lot more before I did surgery on you.
Rosamaria Romero: So i mean i i cried my eyes out because even though I don't want no more kids.
Rosamaria Romero: I'm still young and it just always good to just, I mean it just feels good.
Rosamaria Romero: To to have an option to be able to say, hey, you know what, I'm 33 years old, you know what, maybe, maybe I do want one more, you know, but I I don't have that option anymore and and they they made it, they made the such a big mistake.
Rosamaria Romero: But it destroyed me physically and emotionally and mentally
Rosamaria Romero: If
Rosamaria Romero: They really
Rosamaria Romero: I'm so sorry.
Rosamaria Romero: It's okay. It's all right, this is, this is the first time I've really late like talked about it like this.
Rosamaria Romero: So I just feel like
Rosamaria Romero: I just feel like I feel empty inside. You know what though my heater is um
Rosamaria Romero: And I've always been the type of person to take care of my body. I have been working out since I was 13 years old, even though I was, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: Doing what I'll do. When I was young, I always always got time to go to the gym. So, like, my body is like, it's my everything you know like to myself. I'm not trying to sound selfish, but it just means so much to me like to have scars on it.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, to gain way to have cellulite stretch marks, anything like that. Like, I took care of myself and I was pregnant. I didn't stretch marks.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, I went walking. I worked out like be when I was pregnant, all that. Um, so at this point i i don't i don't feel the same. I don't, I don't feel like, like, like a full woman without my uterus, you don't
Know,
Rosamaria Romero: It just
Rosamaria Romero: It's it has just been really, really hard. And then it's like, I think about it, and I'm like,
Rosamaria Romero: So so so my partner, my partner told me before I go, my uterus out
Rosamaria Romero: I'm sorry to get some tissue. Oh, he told me. Are you sure are you sure you just gonna wanna see if you heal, you know, see, see, like all this you know goes away from you.
Rosamaria Romero: Before before you go through it.
Rosamaria Romero: And you know I told him you know what yeah that's that's a really good idea. So I had told the doctors and all this was an Albuquerque. I have my kids in Albuquerque. Because honestly, I don't trust.
Rosamaria Romero: The hospitals tears on a faith. Um, I honestly I witness them later. The do malpractice right in front of me. Anyway, so
Rosamaria Romero: So once I told the doctors. You know what
Rosamaria Romero: You put all the surgery on hold. I'm just, I'm going to see my body just heals.
Rosamaria Romero: All come back for checkups and that etc. And at first, they said, Okay, you know that that's up to you if it that that's what you want to do, but
Rosamaria Romero: Like about you because I had to stay. I had to stay up up here. I mean, I had to stay up there and Albuquerque because they started dosing my son.
Rosamaria Romero: And three days later, which I don't understand, because I I was only taking like maybe like maybe I'm like what I'm taking out half of a subtext and nine and a half.
Rosamaria Romero: I mean in morning and night.
Rosamaria Romero: And some once in a while.
Rosamaria Romero: During the winter. I would probably like one or two extra just to have their
Rosamaria Romero: The way. Dr. Kendall gives me one extra just to have there just for in case I'm in a little too extreme of pain.
Rosamaria Romero: And I think a little more
Rosamaria Romero: So, so I if my first son didn't withdraw and I was taking three three a day with him. You know, I knew for sure that you always find right we thought to myself, my son shouldn't should not withdraw, so he wasn't he wasn't withdrawing
Rosamaria Romero: At all. Okay, so, but three days later, it's like okay so uh they we were in a room, we were ready closeted went on my fourth day in the hospital.
Rosamaria Romero: The baby was doing fine. It's vital signs were fight everything until they put him in the car seat because
Rosamaria Romero: The nurse came in and said, Okay, we're going to get ready to release you guys. We just have to make sure that the baby consider in the car seat for at least three hours.
Rosamaria Romero: And we're going to check his vital signs not and make sure that you're breathing right and all, etc. So I said, Okay, that's, you know, that's fine that's it's protocol. So they put my son in that car seat and
Rosamaria Romero: Though they started seeing the vital signs going up and down not not dramatically. But like, you know, hearing their his vital signs will go low on my kids breathing and then it will go back up.
Rosamaria Romero: Mm hmm. I don't know what was going on to me. Honestly, it
Rosamaria Romero: Was I'll get to that part. So,
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, so then, so then they sold the three hours past and and and then I told the nurse. Okay, so you know what's what's going on. And she came in and she said you know what
Rosamaria Romero: We're going to have to start those seeing your son, because it seems as if he's withdrawing from the vital signs of him being the car seat.
Rosamaria Romero: And I was like, I don't understand, because I was sitting here. Those for three hours, and I only seen you come in twice to have to shut off that machine because his error went a little bit low. But then again, he was loud.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, you know how you
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, if you're
Rosamaria Romero: A UK, especially a baby.
Rosamaria Romero: cannot erase three yeah yeah your air your airway. So, and she's a while I did see it. She told me I didn't see and slow. So I said, because the father got up and picked him up. Right.
Rosamaria Romero: That's why when you came in. You didn't see and such, because the father picked him up. She's all why I never saw him slouched and every time the machine went on.
Rosamaria Romero: His breathing wasn't good. So we don't think it's safe for him to go in a car seat right now. So we're going to start seeing him.
Rosamaria Romero: Almost four days later. Four days later they started they'll see my son for a month. He wasn't in the hospital. So of course my insurance rented me a hotel up there. I just wanted to search through two surgeries. I just went through all that trauma.
Rosamaria Romero: So it was, it was really, really hard for me to get to the hospital. And we'll see him, but I would make it every single day. I would get up, I will go go go go visit him and
Rosamaria Romero: They had me on all kinds of pain medicine, of course, you know, because I was in severe, severe, severe, severe pain from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Surgery, especially
Rosamaria Romero: From that, so, um, after, after I had had
Rosamaria Romero: I mean, once they had released me from the hospital after I went through surgery I had, I was just going back and forth to visit my son, and he was enough for a month they Dustin for a month and then they started weaning them off.
Rosamaria Romero: And that's, that's when they gave me the the ultimatum the ultimatum of staying on painkillers or finding a program. And that's when I found you guys, um,
But
Rosamaria Romero: Just the way all of this happened that went down, um, because the last time I was with bright heart health. Dominic was my
Rosamaria Romero: Dominique was my counselor there for a while. Dominique, and then it was, um, oh my gosh she she was so nice. The other woman. She was a bootleg blonde. I can't remember her name.
Rosamaria Romero: Anyways, but the, the, the second, the second counselor that I would see. I told her what was what was going on at the time because I'm
Rosamaria Romero: Before my, my second son was born.
Rosamaria Romero: My first son here here where I live, this the same apartment that I'm in right now.
Rosamaria Romero: The door lock broke the door locks broke. They jammed. Okay. And I was calling management for two weeks straight and I kept telling them, could you please come and fix these locks. My son was two and a half. I mean, you know, to a two and a half year olds. They're everywhere opening everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no.
Rosamaria Romero: No two year olds. So I kept telling I kept telling the manager my son's going to end up getting out because I have, I have to keep my eye on him like a hawk. I couldn't take my eyes off him.
Rosamaria Romero: For a second, not even to brush my teeth because of those door loss, um, you know, so I had to keep him by me and he would take off for me. And then he was able to open the door because of your legs were broken and
Rosamaria Romero: One more thing. They never came to fix it two weeks, two weeks at past that and that I called never, never came to fix it. And I kept I kept on the manager my son's going and getting out.
Rosamaria Romero: Because at this point he he's he's already getting out. But I am constantly following him because I don't want him to get on his own. I told her, it's going to end up happening though, could you please stick something ever came to fix them. Finally, it happened.
Out.
Rosamaria Romero: I was in here. I'm, you know, getting ready. Of course, in the bathroom. I had my son next to me we I just finished brushing or my or my teeth and
Rosamaria Romero: My, my mother had just passed away from cancer. So like I was going through like so much you know in my head. So I saw him buying me and then within a split second.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He was outside
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, so he was gone. And I was, I couldn't. I went outside and all that. Oh my gosh. Where is the house from everywhere month yesterday, his name.
Rosamaria Romero: I came back in the house me the Father we're, we're, you know what dramatically looking for him and somebody grabbed him the maintenance man once he saw my son went down the stairs from from from
Rosamaria Romero: A neighbor has told me his net of walking him back up no wings that that that I've been trying to put it in order to get my locks fixed
Rosamaria Romero: Instead, instead of walking in back upstairs and saying, You know what, I'm sorry I haven't been able to fix your loss. But he ended up getting out, you know, they knew he was my son. But no, he took him to the office and they ended up clients, the way of D and
Rosamaria Romero: Sarah canal had team. She was from from Q amp D. She told me they came in the house. My house was clean. Of course, I always came out clean.
Rosamaria Romero: Refrigerator full of food all my kids have their clothes, everything was good in the house. Perfect. That was great. So she told me, You know what, this was a simple mistake I'm
Rosamaria Romero: The manager did tell us that yes, you called in once or twice, she said. But notice for two weeks she lived because it made her look dumb that she didn't come up
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, she you know she didn't want to lose job, I guess. So she lied and said that I call like once or twice, whatever. So anyways,
Rosamaria Romero: Sir, come out from from see what it said. While this is what I'm going to do. I'm not going to take him. She said, I'm just going to give you a warning.
Rosamaria Romero: To never let this happen again. But it just makes I'm going to stay here to get these locks fix so immediately. Finally, the manager jump immediately. Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
Rosamaria Romero: Um,
Rosamaria Romero: The manager jumped immediately and had the had the maintenance men come over here and an instinct. They I even have it on video still
Rosamaria Romero: Have the maintenance man fixing my my door locks he fix some in like two minutes. It was just a couple of June, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom screws that that's that's all it till
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, my son would have never got Saul's like okay the door locks are fix you know I had told Sarah. Thank you, you know, for understanding but you know
Rosamaria Romero: They, they took two weeks to get this done. This is what it took. And I can. I told her I kept time the manager at that this was going to happen and it happened. And, sure, sure enough.
Rosamaria Romero: A police officer two police officers, of course, showed up and one of them went to school with the father of my son and his name of Julian Martinez and he
Rosamaria Romero: from from from what from what my partner tells me he told me that in school for some reason that he that Julian never liked him, and he didn't know why he has been there did to him.
Rosamaria Romero: Nothing so that off. Once he walked in and he saw he saw the Father and He recognized him. I mean, you who he was and he knew that that was his son.
Rosamaria Romero: He, he went outside and the rookie. He was getting trained at this point and the veteran. The, the cop that was trading them was a 25 year veteran.
Rosamaria Romero: Um, I mean not not veteran, but you know you're 2525 years and he was trading this rookie. So he took him to the corner.
Rosamaria Romero: Julian Martinez and I don't know what he told him, but he came back in the house. And he said, You know what, I'm going to send you your guys's fun over I'm sending you guys sent over to the UFC and I, we both, both of us were like, why
Rosamaria Romero: Like, you know, not, not even the lady frosty why of D wants wants to take him she sees that all of this was a simple mistake. This can happen to anybody, she said.
Rosamaria Romero: It yourself. You know, so
Rosamaria Romero: He said, You know what, I don't care what you say. I'm doing it. End of story. So of course I started crying. I started baking him, you know, please don't do this, don't do this.
Rosamaria Romero: He walked away he left he went and he signed my son over to see why Abdi, sure, sure enough, more, more of the UFC people came to pick up my son, um, that that was that was hard. So, um,
Rosamaria Romero: He ended up signing my son over and
Rosamaria Romero: And then
Rosamaria Romero: We mean the father went to go talk to the to the 25 year veteran and tell and we told him like he's a rookie. Are you really going to allow him to do this.
Rosamaria Romero: Like, is this something that you want to do as well and you know he's all this thing my decision said I'm not making this decision for him. I'm just trying to teach him.
Rosamaria Romero: If this is what he wants to do, I'm going to stand behind him. I'm his partner, I have to. And, and I was like, you know, please do something about it, etc. Just kept on pleading and begging.
Rosamaria Romero: Nothing. He just didn't want to do anything about it and Julian Martinez WALKED UP WITH WITH MORE. Si y amp D workers and and with the paperwork, stating that he signed our son over. So, so they told us pack of eight for him, so I backed up a big and he was two and a half. At that time, um,
Rosamaria Romero: So they took him and
Rosamaria Romero: I fought for him mean that that thought for him for two for almost three years. I just got him back. Recently, he's been home with us for going on two months now. So it's almost over. It's almost over everything. I just have, I think, like a month left of them just doing an unexpected visit
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, and that's and that's, that's it. They can only do it for up 90 days. It started in February 3 so February 3 march 3 of April 3 they have to me. Third,
Rosamaria Romero: You know, to, to come and do a just unexpected visit to just make sure my son's doing good. And he has closed and all that, which of course he does. Um, but yeah so so that's what I had happened to me.
Rosamaria Romero: At the time, my mother had passed away from stage four cancer. So it was just like
Rosamaria Romero: A lot like
Rosamaria Romero: When I when I got it. Yeah, when I got into your guys's program like I'm Dominique and and
Rosamaria Romero: I can't remember the other girls name on but the the other woman that was my counselor. She helped me get through it a lot like she really helped me get through it, you know, she told me, You know what, it's not your fault.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, because I kept blaming myself. I kept blaming myself and she's like, You need to understand that you were, you were, you were trying to be responsible. You were calling and i and i have screenshots of all the times I called the office, like I had all the evidence.
Rosamaria Romero: And
Rosamaria Romero: And she kept telling me it's not your fault. You know, you kept calling you kept trying to get help.
Rosamaria Romero: You kept trying to get those locks fixed and and they didn't do it, and what you said was going to happen, happen.
Rosamaria Romero: She said so. Don't blame yourself, you know, etc. And you know, I stopped bleeding myself, things started started getting better. I just cooperated with Sue I have d I was giving them you wait, you know, for the past two years on
Rosamaria Romero: I was going to core every month. I went to move my son's visit I would see him on first two, three times a week and then it went down to twice me
Rosamaria Romero: Me and the father will go see him together and then they try separating me mean the Father. So then they made a bit separate and I just went through just, you know, their whole process.
Rosamaria Romero: Through for the past two and a half years almost three years with them. But finally, I got him back. So he's home. Um, so all that's over with and
Rosamaria Romero: This, this is where I am now. So I want my son back in court.
Rosamaria Romero: They, they try taking my baby when I, when I had the baby, but I have
Rosamaria Romero: Ever since that happened with my first son I I save every piece of evidence in every which way.
Rosamaria Romero: So I when I was pregnant.
Rosamaria Romero: Because I take them I'll pass along as well. And Dr. Candles a while aware of it as, as well as the doctor that prescribes me. They both know about each other. They spoke to each other, etc. Um, and
Rosamaria Romero: So, uh,
Rosamaria Romero: Excuse me.
Rosamaria Romero: So, so, um, so yeah, so that's so so that's what, that's where I stand now. So anyways, they tried taking my baby away from me but um I had got a letter from the doctor that told me to continue that that medicine.
Rosamaria Romero: And and to and to and to continue on the book and orphans, the best they can. I don't have this kind of show you my son, real quick.
Rosamaria Romero: And I just thought that, yeah, this, this is him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
He's a cutie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's adorable. I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think was his name. Oh, he has to be
Rosamaria Romero: His name's Montez
Mm hmm.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah.
Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Like mountain Spanish
Rosamaria Romero: My, my baby. His name's Nick Lowe Carlitos
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, but anyways. He
Rosamaria Romero: tried to get him yeah me co create those it's one name equal creases.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A beautiful name.
Rosamaria Romero: Where do you come up with that make us
Rosamaria Romero: Um, his, his father has no family left his, his mother father passed away his grandmother, he only has two brothers left and a sister, so he named him after his, his two brothers, but just put it on one name. He has a brother named Nico and a brother named create those. So we just accept
Rosamaria Romero: That article
Rosamaria Romero: And it was yeah we liked it. So, um, yeah. So yeah, they, they tried taking my baby box thing, but I had got a letter. I'm sorry. I need to start my charger, um, they got I had bought a letter from the doctor when
Rosamaria Romero: He had told me to just take my medications.
Rosamaria Romero: I had to write me a letter so that letters saved me. And then as as well. She, she
Rosamaria Romero: She didn't go to the core. But she agreed to be at the core on the phone.
Rosamaria Romero: And give
Rosamaria Romero: It to them that it will injuries about itself mimetic of subtext puzzle. She would check my blood.
Rosamaria Romero: On suffer and put you on the charger amen losing you know she she was thinking she was checking my it's gonna die. I'll call you right back. Oh, please let me back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will. I'm gonna go right here, bro.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, I'm so sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. It's all right.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, because still hear you. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Rosamaria Romero: Hi, I'm so sorry about that. I thought my post charges at 87% I guess it's just because I've been. I've been talking a lot, and they killed a battery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me a little bit about your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your family unit at growing up, tell me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If your parents stayed together your whole life, or if they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Divorced so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What age. How many siblings do you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead.
Rosamaria Romero: I'm sorry. Go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ahead. Was there any kind of mental health or addiction in your family unit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That kind of stuff.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, so, um, I have six brothers two sisters awful, awful blood from the same mother and father, my mother, my father's together.
Rosamaria Romero: They were together till the day my mother passed away and 2017 um he said he passed away from stage four cancer.
Rosamaria Romero: Mm hmm. Um, and I
Rosamaria Romero: I grew up. I had a really good childhood, the 90s were like the best years. I wish I can go back to those years.
Rosamaria Romero: Um, we had it kind of art. My parents had it kind of hard for for about two years. We were homeless. Um, but, but my parents always made sure that we were taking care of before they thought of themselves, you know, so
Rosamaria Romero: You know my magic or you would stay and take care of us for like
Rosamaria Romero: for like a month, but I'm on my dad would be there every day with us, of course, but they would be in the truck and will sleep while while we slept in the house, you know, or one of my mom's friends will take care of us and you know it was it was it was it was kind of hard. But my mom.
Rosamaria Romero: She was like this.
Rosamaria Romero: Woman Like I mean we're all strong, but she was something else. She was wrong and she her end of my father.
Rosamaria Romero: But
Rosamaria Romero: You know they so for two years. We were homeless and they did the best they possibly could, you know, they can clean
Rosamaria Romero: This, you know, show it be our machine or Dr. T. Even we dealt with for the
Rosamaria Romero: First came out.
Rosamaria Romero: On the road. Oh, that's a cup of
Rosamaria Romero: Water. So my mom was like, yes, this is going to be perfect for us as we could in the morning. Sometimes she would go and pick us up and um
Rosamaria Romero: She, she would make a she would feed us Maiko whenever like if we were saying, I can, and it is our friends she would go in the morning and bring breakfast. We made breakfast for everybody.
Rosamaria Romero: Or she and then she would go, or she would just be there to dinner and then, like I said, they wouldn't be so anyways, I'm sure they would go pick us up from from where from where from wherever we were or
Rosamaria Romero: Once in a very long time, we would have to seek in the truck with them with my dad and my mom and make sure that we were 100% of war and we had like about 2030 think it do all that.
Rosamaria Romero: And we would have to go to McDonald's sometimes and go inside of course and brush our teeth in the bathroom and
Rosamaria Romero: He had a little hot water machines. Nicole and fill up a cup of hot water, you know, to make like an instant coffee and stuff. And so we would cook soup for breakfast, and then then take a school so that it was like that for like two years and I don't, I don't remember it being like, like
Rosamaria Romero: Like too much.
Rosamaria Romero: Like, how can I say I don't remember it being
Rosamaria Romero: I'm
Rosamaria Romero: Like it was it was difficult. Of course, you know, it was
Rosamaria Romero: It was really cool.
Rosamaria Romero: To see my, my mom, dad, going through that with nine kids. I mean, I was only like maybe eight, nine years old at the time.
Rosamaria Romero: So, so my older older brothers already ate like 1718 the older so you know they had girlfriends. Not that they would go stay with and stuff. So my parents were mainly taking care of us younger ones and
Rosamaria Romero: Um, so yeah, so we were homeless way two years. They took care of us very, very well. Finally, my mother. My mother and father worked very, very hard.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, to the best of their knowledge and they ended up renting a piece of land and they got us into a trailer. And finally, we ended up getting on place again and you know as as a child, I had a lot of brothers and sisters, so I have bought have to play with.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, especially my friends because I have three older brothers three younger brothers tool their sisters. So I'm, I'm, like, I'm like in the middle of all the kids so
Rosamaria Romero: You know, what if my mom had about a place for us know that it had to go back 10 or more, um,
Rosamaria Romero: Things I go back go back to it or Mon stuff and you know I just I just remember just having a really great childhood. You know, I'm
Rosamaria Romero: My, my father. He's still like such
Rosamaria Romero: A great amazing person father everything. He just, he's just, he's awesome. He's really, really awesome. So he's still alive and
Rosamaria Romero: You know I love to go and visit with him and talk to him. He's really really really in he's very, very spiritual
Rosamaria Romero: So that's where he grew us up is to have faith and to believe in God and to be very, very spiritual and God comes, number one, and you always pray to him. You be humble you, be thankful for what you have
Rosamaria Romero: You know, like, so I always think him for the way he raised us because no matter the hardships, we had in our lives.
Rosamaria Romero: They always got us through it.
Rosamaria Romero: And and it always it always turned out to be a really good situation after going through so much hardship and and
Rosamaria Romero: It's like, now, now that I'm older. While since since I got older, I realized, and I always think my dad for this. I always think him. I always tell me know what does. I think you
Rosamaria Romero: And and my mother, I would always tell my moments when she was in life to but now that it's just like that. I always tell him I thank you for the way you raised me
Rosamaria Romero: Like, I don't know what I would have done with without you, you know, without a father and I thank you for sticking around my kids. Thank you for sticking around with all of us.
Rosamaria Romero: Thank you for teaching me about God and and and i'm not just letting me know but but like not forcing it into me or us all nine of us not forcing it to us by just showing us
Rosamaria Romero: You know that prayer is is everything of forgiveness, you know, all of that, you know, God does exist. He is real you. If you pray and you're humble and you
Rosamaria Romero: And you are you are faith God will answer your prayers and it's true. It is. It's very, very true, this, this is just, you know, my, my, my own opinion.
Rosamaria Romero: So, so, I mean, I had a really, really good childhood. Like I said, you know, my, my mother and my father were amazing parents they raised us
Rosamaria Romero: So, you know, to the to the full ask them to the best of their knowledge. My dad would play with us. And, you know, my mother would play with us.
Rosamaria Romero: My dad taught, he would, he tried to teach all of us how to draw because he was an artist, when he was younger. But I was the only one that caught on. So I'm
Rosamaria Romero: All know me me my brother Eddie actually is my oldest oldest brother. We both caught on to drawing and we're both lefties how weird how
Rosamaria Romero: Only the lefties caught on to drawing, but other than that. I'm the I had, I had a really good childhood. Of course, you know, there was some some dramatic.
Rosamaria Romero: things that happen as I grew up, but you know, it's like, like for instance the homeless thing, but it was, it wasn't my parents fault, how we ended up homeless. It was ridiculous how how it had had had had had to happen over a misunderstanding, but
Rosamaria Romero: When it comes to addiction.
Rosamaria Romero: My oldest oldest brother. He has addiction problems. Mm hmm. So it does. It does. It does run in my family with just one of my brothers, but the rest of my, my brothers and sisters, they all work, they'll have state jobs.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, we all graduated. We're all you know we're all you know doing the the best yeah tour knowledge ever kids you know working all that he is only one that that is having they're really, really hard. So I'm
You know I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, any mental health and your family.
Rosamaria Romero: Oh, mental health.
Rosamaria Romero: Yes.
Rosamaria Romero: See so so my father doesn't believe in and like mental how or like
Rosamaria Romero: Or like
Rosamaria Romero: Like he feels like okay so to the way my dad had to have taught had gone through us and through us up us up. Is that like
Rosamaria Romero: There's no such thing of of mental health problems like it's it's all up to you to make decisions, the way you want to make them and deal with them the way you want to deal with them.
Rosamaria Romero: And and deal with whatever's going on in your head. It's all a mind game. I mean the way my father would explain it, though it would make
Rosamaria Romero: Much more sense. You know, but this was back in the 90s.
Rosamaria Romero: Right when we're not rich people will be believed in medicine and all. And, you know, mental health problems, etc.
Rosamaria Romero: So I need to close the store.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rosamaria Romero: But, uh, but yeah, actually, by now, now that that that my father had bought older and and now
Rosamaria Romero: He's starting to see. Okay. Well, this is what I wanted to say so.
Rosamaria Romero: When, when we're WHEN WE'RE YOUNGER. My dad never believed in any of that stuff. He would always tell us in his own way why he didn't believe in it. They were stolen my end game, etc. But as as times started going on and we hit the 2000s.
Rosamaria Romero: He started seeing it. He started seeing, you know that people do have mental mental health problems, etc. So he started seeing it and south, you know, I'm like, I'm
Rosamaria Romero: Like I would say my dad has ADHD.
Rosamaria Romero: Because, because, like, like I've noticed and he now know that he's in his 60s, he realizes, I guess there's mental health problems.
Rosamaria Romero: That are that are created.
Rosamaria Romero: Like, like, like he tells me till this day, maybe in the 90s, there was there was, I wouldn't see stuff like I do today.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, yeah, and I wouldn't
Rosamaria Romero: See these kind of sicknesses and diseases and all that going around like there is today.
Rosamaria Romero: In the 90s. It wasn't like that. So he's like, I see the world a lot different now. So now he sees the mental health. But to answer your question, um,
Rosamaria Romero: I see that my father does have ADHD. I, I actually feel that that I even have it. I need to go and see it if I'm diagnosed with it or not, because I rapid I wrap it up. I can't like concentrate on
Rosamaria Romero: Like, I can't, like, I can't like stay still.
Rosamaria Romero: Like I can't like staving off you know for for a long period of time. Um,
Rosamaria Romero: You know I am. I tend to wake up and have just really vivid dreams of just like a lot of stuff that I've been through, you know I witnessed a really good friend of mine get shot right in front of me.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, I have another friend shot himself in the head and me and his twin sister went to his house to go check you know like what happened. And we found him there and just feel that blood and just
Rosamaria Romero: Just, um,
Rosamaria Romero: It's a lot. Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: So I, I tend to wake up sometimes like in sweats and then and
Rosamaria Romero: You know, crying, and I'm like, drenched and you know i i literally started rapid thinking, oh my gosh. Was that real, it was not real. And I start getting like shaky and stuff, you know, and
Rosamaria Romero: My dad goes through the same thing. So, um, he, he doesn't, he's not, he's not really, he's from the 50s and now he doesn't like I told you he doesn't believe in going to the doctors and getting
Rosamaria Romero: That again put on many medicine and all that, but just seeing what what he's going through and then as well. My, my son that I just introduced it to he got diagnosed diagnosed with ADHD and the same exact
Rosamaria Romero: Symptoms. I see him go through. I'm having low online I been telling myself for a long time now, like I need to go get checked and and and
Rosamaria Romero: You know, see if I do have ADHD or not.
Rosamaria Romero: And so yeah, so I get treatment for it, you know, because it's awful to to feel this way. My mile problem. The I've been on that for the past six years that that that has helped me with
Rosamaria Romero: With my severe anxiety my panic attacks.
Rosamaria Romero: I wouldn't have the worst enzyme
Rosamaria Romero: It to the point where I couldn't breathe, and I would panic so bad. I mean, I was shaking and and
Rosamaria Romero: I would just get
Rosamaria Romero: Just really really bad. So that medicine helps me with
Rosamaria Romero: With the with a severe anxiety and panic attacks. I haven't had a panic attack since I started taking their medication and
Rosamaria Romero: The anxiety.
Rosamaria Romero: Is under control. I'm some time sometimes like during the night.
Rosamaria Romero: I, I tend to get some some kind of somewhat of an enzyme it. Um, so, you know, all the in my doctors aware of this all all all take like a little tiny little, little, little square of our
Rosamaria Romero: Muslim
Rosamaria Romero: You know, under my own just
Do
Rosamaria Romero: X me from feeling that way because I don't want to start rapid thinking I start going into I which I i I'm thinking the eight the ADHD mode.
Rosamaria Romero: You know when I wake up with it. I start feeling I saw rapid thinking and I start feeling like I'm going to have a panic attack and
Rosamaria Romero: You know, I feel like I start feeling bad, like I need to get up and just start walking and and like I don't know what to do with myself. And so yeah, so sometimes I have to take a piece of that under my tongue to tell me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How can you use, calm down.
Rosamaria Romero: And go back to that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, um,
Rosamaria Romero: So to answer your question, I'm so sorry I go on these, all these stories, but I just want you to really, really understand me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead of just answering a question.
Rosamaria Romero: Um, so, so, yeah, I would say mental health problems do do run in the family, um, like I said, My son was diagnosed with that my father, I see it in him, but he just he doesn't want to go to the doctor, he just said when
Rosamaria Romero: When God's ready for me. He's he'll come for me and I'm just gonna have to deal with this, you know, the way I can
Rosamaria Romero: Um, so he deals with that, I guess, in his own way, which is prayer that that's his way is with prayer and you know that's the way I i will i know why I'm strong. I know I'm
Rosamaria Romero: Like really, really strong but I honestly I don't think I'm as strong as my father to to be able to deal with, with all this all this craziness going on with just prayer, not, not that I don't have faith in God and I and my, my love being as strong for him.
Rosamaria Romero: Because it is you know and and i and i know i know if I were to just put this on prayer and just pray and pray and pray. I know God. God, God will heal me naturally without without needing all this medicine, but in this day and age, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: Now you know it's like I said, My God, 250 so he's that's that's the way he was raised was in
Prayer for everything.
Rosamaria Romero: He will be healed and it works for him. It really does. It works for him, and it works for me. It works for me as well too. I pray a mob rule law and that's that's what really helped me. I'm really that's what really helped me stop with my first with my first
Rosamaria Romero: Child with my daughter. That's where you know I prayed and I prayed and asked God please give me the strength to help me fight.
Rosamaria Romero: You know, like these withdraws and that and, you know, I went to the doctor in that and you know it was all over with. Now, like, like I told you.
Rosamaria Romero: But, you know, prayers do how yes they do. They helped a lot. They, they really, really help that hundred percent. But like I said, I just, I don't believe I am
Rosamaria Romero: I just, just being that that I am because in the Bible. God, God considers all of this man made medicine to be pleasing to us, of course, it helps us, you know, as we're living but but in God's eyes. We're putting poison in our body. So it's like it's like
Rosamaria Romero: as as as as we take her medication and it helps us and it makes us still Nirmal from from the way we usually with film, which would be awful IS LIKE IT KIND OF IT KIND OF disconnects me from him. Just, just a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to, to the point to
Rosamaria Romero: Where to whereas I like i said i'm not i'm not as strong as as my dad to just keep it to do. Just keep praying and praying and praying to to keep all this
Rosamaria Romero: You know, away from me. So, so, yeah, that tied to your question. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You with my in my mother said.
Rosamaria Romero: She didn't have no mental problems. And then you have, and she's from California. And I never met any of my mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, do you have a history of any kind of suicide attempts, or thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or self harm.
Oh,
Rosamaria Romero: Oh no no no i i believe in God. Way too much and I no way I would, it wouldn't ever even think of doing something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I already know the answer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just want to tell you, I already knew the answer, but I have to ask it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, listening to your story and where you come from, and how you were raised. I knew the answer very much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So okay at the, the last piece of this is wanting to know about school did you graduate high school
Rosamaria Romero: I graduated. Okay. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any oh I
Rosamaria Romero: I was a straight A student from from first grade, all the way to talk. I even gosh my GPA was so high. I was so smart that while I still am, but I would have to reteach myself all over again because it's been so long diving school but um
Rosamaria Romero: I went from the sixth grade straight to the eighth grade my teacher wanted to put me them because when they in sixth grade.
Rosamaria Romero: I was already at a, at a 10th grade level they tested me and I was really a 10th grade level, but they they told me they would, they would only allow me to skip one. Great. So I went from six to eighth grade. And then from there I graduated
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that's amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Um, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, any legal issues right now or in the past.
Rosamaria Romero: Um, well, just, just the legal issue. I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Telling you about with my
Rosamaria Romero: Son, but I'm actually it wasn't even a legal issue because um how how I told you to officer Julian Mark Martinez that that sign my son.
Rosamaria Romero: Over. Um, he will he he. We know he took it to court, me and my father got paper work to go to court. We went to court in a lot dropped it. I dropped in the interest of justice due to harassment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, it ended up getting dropped
Rosamaria Romero: So, so, so, so the SI y amp D held on to my son, even though there was no no no criminal
Rosamaria Romero: condone like no criminal side, you know they're there was no charges. We didn't get charged with the winning get arrested for nothing.
Rosamaria Romero: Or nothing. He just send my Son over BECAUSE HE HATED THE FATHER AND GUESS HE DID out of hatred. But anyways, um, other than that. No, I'm not dealing with no legal issues right now. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have you ever been on probation. In the past or anything.
Rosamaria Romero: I have not been on probation. In the past, when I was a when I was a juvenile um I was on juvenile probation, um,
Rosamaria Romero: I can't even I believe I was with a friend and she was stealing in the store.
Rosamaria Romero: And then they caught her and I didn't know and they got both of us, you know, and then you know when when you're young. I didn't, I didn't want to point fingers.
Rosamaria Romero: Or anything you know they caught, they found whatever they found on her. I got they charged me for conspiracy for just being with her and I was on a short time of juvenile probation, for I think like 90 days.
Rosamaria Romero: It was she is getting like, like a year or so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Per region. Okay. All right, we're gonna wrap this up a little bit. I'm going to what day and time is, it is good for you to be able to meet with me on a weekly basis.
Rosamaria Romero: But I would, I would say the mornings would be the best because I i usually I usually start work at 10 and being this coronavirus is going on.
Rosamaria Romero: My hours very up and down. So pretty much my work calls me and tells me I'm old of because it's pretty much up to the client if they if they want to, to chance. I do not
Rosamaria Romero: If they it's up to the client if they want to chance I'm
Rosamaria Romero: A caregiver going in their home and and you know, helping them with their needs of taking them to the grocery store, whatever. So my work will call me and be like, You know what, there's a
Rosamaria Romero: There's a client that that that that would be okay with you. Going in their home just, you know, wear gloves and are, you know, just whatever whatever they ask a word mass
Rosamaria Romero: Etc. So my hours are are up and down. Right now I am putting it in falling behind on my red and I'm trying to get help on that it's but you know what things things, things are working out, things are, these are working out. I'm just keeping my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Scars
Rosamaria Romero: It's all crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you know, did you hear that they are putting together a stimulus package.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For to help people with their
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With their rent.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With their bills.
Rosamaria Romero: Know how do you, how do you get. Would you happen to know about that.
Rosamaria Romero: Like well to get it or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the president that's doing it. And so he's trying to
give everybody
Rosamaria Romero: Is it that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah 1500 I think is what they are trying to do. Yeah. And then I believe I don't have 100% of my my facts yet. But there's also a piece where, depending on how many kids you have as well and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that they can help. I just don't know how long it's going to take. And there's a lot of people that you know really need it, you know, definitely.
Rosamaria Romero: Yes, I know. I know I need it. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Rose. How about the 31st, which is a Tuesday at 9am
Rosamaria Romero: Tuesday. Okay, this is the 31st Tuesday I looked at my calendar. Last night, I don't have anything
Rosamaria Romero: On that day, besides seeing Dr. Kendall at 430
Rosamaria Romero: So yeah, look at 930 first on on Tuesday. Tuesday the 31st and 9am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it can't be the same day that you're seeing the doctor. It has to be a
Rosamaria Romero: Different day. Oh.
Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: Well usually like Fridays are usually good for me on Mondays are always a craziest
Rosamaria Romero: Mondays and Tuesdays, are you the craziest um let me see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I could probably only have one at 10 on Fridays, but I could probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me double check so that I'm not
Rosamaria Romero: I can
Rosamaria Romero: You see like a Wednesday or Friday is getting me crazy. I just, I just don't want to forget. I'm actually, I will take I if if I could take the time to apologize to you about the last two visits that I had missed and I'm not, I'm not gonna lie, and come up with some some dumb excuse. I'm
Rosamaria Romero: The first time I believe it was a when because I had hurt my arm among and was just crazy my arm, my, my bonus still diamonds till this day it's
Rosamaria Romero: Like I can't lean on there anything. So it's totally seal is eco friendly bend it, but the second time. Honestly, I, I forgot. And I look forward to it all week.
Rosamaria Romero: Because I really do look forward to going to group it really it really helps to to be able to be in a group of people that that that has gone through, through the same thing I've gone through or, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: It's like, it's like
Rosamaria Romero: I can't go and talk to somebody about about this situation if they've never been through it. They don't understand because they've never been through it. So I look forward to group. I look forward to meeting with you, you know, and
Rosamaria Romero: I just got confused and I honestly I just completely forgot. I didn't get home, till five, the kids had me out all day.
Rosamaria Romero: Take me here. Take me there. My daughter with her friends. The wanting to go to her friend's house, pick me up and me close grocery shopping just all that, you know,
Rosamaria Romero: So I'm so I just
Rosamaria Romero: Really apologize because you do take your time to see me and you. You're taking time out of your day to help me. So, I, I'm very, very sorry I'm
Rosamaria Romero: Sorry.
That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't worry, think life happens
Rosamaria Romero: But it really want to apologize to you. I really do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, thank you. Um, what day are you in group.
Rosamaria Romero: For Thursday Tuesday I check it out for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How about Thursday at nine.
Rosamaria Romero: Thursday night. Let me check my calendar. I think on put you down for a second.
Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: So it doesn't show that I have anything for Thursday. Um, I should be good because a
Rosamaria Romero: Guy like I told you I like I just finished telling you I fell behind on my rent for the past two months due to this coronavirus
Rosamaria Romero: So being being that I'm kind of Ghana my rent the managers taking me to court for for $318 that I'm behind ignorant.
Rosamaria Romero: So I'm I go to court on the 26 and I don't know. Something can come up and he, I just don't know if something can come up on for the 27th but i think i think i should be good. And then at 10 o'clock in the morning, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not week it would be hidden. Oh.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, oh yeah, I just saw you this week. I'm sorry.
Rosamaria Romero: To
Rosamaria Romero: Tell you, my mind right now is like it's wrapped in racing on time.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, but so many things right now. I'm sorry, I'm just like all over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, you're fine. Okay, fine. So next week. Next week on Thursday. Let me just take you with me. Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: So next, next, next week on Thursday would be the second correct
Yeah.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, I don't have anything down for the second of Thursday.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rosamaria Romero: It's great that is
Rosamaria Romero: Just going to bring the whole time right it in right away.
Rosamaria Romero: Immediately, just like
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, so
Rosamaria Romero: Thursday. The second at nine. Correct.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, correct.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, I got that.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we'll meet again next week. They still have Dominique as your primary therapist on your in your chart. So I'm going to reach out to Dominique and ask her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If she is planning on continuing to be your therapist or if you'll be transferred over to me.
Rosamaria Romero: I am to to be just completely just completely free. Just frank with you. Um, I love Dominique, she just she just had a great, she's great. She really really is. Um, well, I just, I just think that
Rosamaria Romero: I don't know.
Rosamaria Romero: Like, like what what what happened in our, in our session when the last time I was with you. I kind of got retweet her
Rosamaria Romero: Okay. Um, I would I would kind of like to stay with you if it's possible. Okay. If I have to go. Dominique. Of course I'll be totally fine with
Rosamaria Romero: Dominique, like I said, she's great. I just, I just don't know why things got awkward with us and that that she ended up sending me to another counselor on the call. Tanya. I can't remember her name.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, anyway.
Rosamaria Romero: Yeah, so I'd rather just stay with you because either way, all end up with you easily still end up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With you either way.
Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: All right, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is fine with me. Definitely. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so we'll meet next week and we will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get your treatment plan together, talk about things that you want to work on while you and I are working together and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kind of go from there. Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like a plan.
Rosamaria Romero: Sounds like a plan.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: All right, forward to seeing you on the second of Thursday at nine o'clock am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, very much so. And you have a great week, and I will see you next week. Okay.
Okay.
Rosamaria Romero: Yes yes thank thank you for accepting me back, and I really appreciate you understanding the last two visits and thank you for seeing me today. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime. But definitely, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I will see you next week. Rosen.
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, great. We'll see you soon. Bye.
Rosamaria Romero: Bye bye.
Rosamaria Romero: If I'm a couple minutes late. Just, just wait, just wait for me because with all with all the kids sometimes
Rosamaria Romero: Uh huh, I'm
Rosamaria Romero: Just, you know, it's like I try to be on time. But if I'm like 567 minutes late, and you're like, where is she, where she just, just give me time to get on. I am going to get it will get on
Rosamaria Romero: Okay, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got it.
Rosamaria Romero: You said you know ahead of time so you don't
Rosamaria Romero: Get up and leave you know by the time I get on. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope, I can wait for you.
Rosamaria Romero: I appreciate. Thank you so much. Thank you. So
Much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You soon. Okay.